#Docker with MarkLogic 9 and Slush MarkLogic Node Generated Web Application

##Table of Contents
 - [Objective](#objective)
 - [Requirements](#requirements)
 - [Installing](#installing)
 - [Starting](#starting)
 - [Stopping](#stopping)
 - [Access MarkLogic Admin Console] ()
 - [Create User for the Sample Application]
 - [Access MarkLogic Query Console or QConsole]
 - [Access the Sample Application]
 - [Recommended Reading Materials](#recommended)

## Objective

To make it easy for new developers to try and test MarkLogic 9 and the Slush MarkLogic Node.

## Requirements

* [Docker] (https://www.docker.com/community-edition)
* [MarkLogic 9] (https://developer.marklogic.com/products)
* [Git] (https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Installing

1. Download and Install Docker
1. Download and Install Git
1. Download MarkLogic 9 for "Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS, Version 7"
1. Clone this project
 
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/divino/smln-ml9-docker.git 
   ```  
 
1. Edit `build.sh` (in windows, `build.bat`)
   
   Change the value of `ML_RPM_FILE` to the MarkLogic 9 Installer for "Red Hat Enterprise Linux / CentOS, Version 7"
   ```bash
   docker build --build-arg ML_VERSION=9 --build-arg ML_RPM_FILE=<MarkLogic-Installer-Filename> --build-arg ML_ADMIN_USER=admin --build-arg ML_ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin --rm=true -t marklogic9 . 

   ```

   Example:
   ```bash
   docker build --build-arg ML_VERSION=9 --build-arg ML_RPM_FILE=MarkLogic-9.0-1.1.x86_64.rpm --build-arg ML_ADMIN_USER=admin --build-arg ML_ADMIN_PASSWORD=admin --rm=true -t marklogic9 . 

   ```
   
   Note:
   It expects the file to be in the same directory as the Dockerfile. It will not work if you pass the complete path.

1. Create the docker image:

   Run `./build.sh` (in windows, `build.bat`)   
   
1. Create an instance of the docker image:
   
   Run `./run.sh` (in windows, `run.bat`)   

### Starting the Docker Instance

   Run `./start.sh` (in windows, `start.bat`)

### Stopping the Docker Instance

   Run `./stop.sh` (in windows, `stop.bat`)
   
### Access MarkLogic Admin Console
   
1. Open http://localhost:8001 in a browser
1. Login with username: admin and password: admin
   
### Create User for the Sample Application   

1. Access MarkLogic Admin Console (refer to instruction with the same name)
1. On the left side menu, click "Security"
1. Under "Security", click "Users"
1. On the right side of the page, click the "Create" tab
1. On the user name input box, type "slush-default-" plus your preferred username.
   Example: "slush-default-peter"
   * This example will create a MarkLogic User "slush-default-peter" and the sample application user "peter"
   * Using this example, you will use "peter" as the username if you login to the sample application.
1. On the password input box, type your preferred password.
1. On the confirm password input box, type again the same password.
1. Scroll down into the page and look for the role "slush-default-role" and tick the checkbox on it's left.   
1. Scroll to the top of the page and click the "ok" button.

### Access MarkLogic Query Console or QConsole   

1. Open http://localhost:8001 in a browser
1. Login with username: admin and password: admin

### Access the Sample Application

1. Create User for the Sample Application (refer to instruction with the same name)
1. Open http://localhost:8050 in a browser
1. Login with the sample application user you created earlier.

### Recommended Reading Materials

### Congratulations
